More environment references (#7015)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/getting-started/git-repository-in-a-cloud-project.md

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## A source control repository with the locally cloned Umbraco project

> We recommend creating a Cloud project with at least two environments: a Live environment including one extra mainline environment. Work with a local copy of the site by cloning down the left-most environment. This repository is different from your source control repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to create a Cloud project with at least two environments: a Live environment including one extra mainline environment. Work with a local copy of the site by cloning down the left-most environment. This repository is different from your source control repository.
```
